okay so we go percent about HTTP gateway
and this is the visual representation of
gateways actually in Japan Russia it's a
gateway of the ocean and that's where my
my hope that was and the program is
trying to describe is it's so not pick
it over the plate it's trying to get
very literally the whole world is trying
to get through the Gateway and it's so
small you can see the little browser
icons here they're trying to get through
the truck they're using HTTP hypertext
transfer boat and it's it's blocked it's
so terrible what we need is the glorious
future we need to be relieved of all
shackles of HTTP and the glorious future
books that those boats can beat the
terrestrial planes take us to our home
in the stars are told when the stars are
ours every node has access to all
information across all planets all the
time no gateways
[Applause]
[Music]